feat: confirmation and warnings for convert behavior (#1130)
salesforcecli/plugin-deploy-retrieve: messages/convert.source-behavior.md

- Run this command again.
- Create a new org ("sf org create scratch" or "sf org create sandbox") and deploy the modified source.

# mainDefaultConfirmation

> - This command will put components in a newly created `main/default` folder in each package directory. You might need to re-organize them into your preferred structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This command puts components in a newly created `main/default` folder in each package directory. You might need to re-organize them into your preferred structure.
```

# basicConfirmation

> - This command will make changes to your project. Be sure you've committed any source changes before continuing so you can easily revert if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This command makes changes to your project. Be sure you've committed any source changes before continuing so you can easily revert if necessary.
```
